## Pitt-Street

Pitt Street located in a rundown area in the Lower East Side of New York. Pitt Street, described in the early 2000, as a street having nothing noteworthy or special about it. Pitt Street is where Julius used to live before he moved in with his boyfriend. Even though Pitt Street is far away from Murray’s Apartment, and located in a area that is not ideal, Bootie finds the concept of living and supporting himself on his own to be what he needs saying, “he could not see himself living and working, all the time, in that apartment. Because he never felt at home there anyway, and because it seemed somehow-unhealthy” (Page 210). Bootie’s journey from living with and working for his uncle to living in a dump and working for his uncle, drastically changed Bootie’s character. Bootie has never before lived on his own, and this new found freedom that he has found allows for Bootie to feel as if he is king of the world. This new confidence and literal distance between him and Murray allows for the resentment of Murray to form. Bootie, once believing that his uncle deserved all his praise, has shifted into Bootie believing that Murray is a fraud. Bootie’s arrogance comes into play, when he convinces himself that he is the one person who is capable of exposing Murray’s as a fraud to the world, saying “This was the article he’d been sent to Manhattan by some grater power to write. This was his fate and his calling” (Page 242).This will ultimately lead to his downfall, which we see represented in the next place Bootie lives.

This is a
[link](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pitt_Street)
