## South-Oxford-Street

South oxford street, a street located in the Fort Greene neighborhood of Brooklyn. Fort Greene, in the early 2000’s, had a population of 34,750 and 65% of the population was African American. In 2010 the population has raised to 179,161 with African Americans making up 33.6% of the population. As you can see Fort Greene is another Brooklyn neighborhood affected by gentrification. In 2000, Fort Greene was seen as a less than ideal place to live, and for Bootie, even worse off than Pitt Street. After Bootie’s article, slandering Murray, was read by him, it marked a decline in Bootie’s life. He went from hoping his article would be accepted, to understanding that it will never be published and losing his job. He gets shunned by his family and it forced him to lived in an environment that is not ideal saying, “They were his own flesh and blood; they were his; they comprised his whole world. They were lost. All that he had wanted, lost.” (Page 357). This living environment metaphorically represents Bootie’s life during this point of the novel, and when 9/11 occurs, and Bootie is so close to the towers, he views the horrific tragedy of 9/11 as a birth of new life for him, a chance to start over and escape the depression and living conditions he had been struggling with since his article was declined saying, “He had been giving, his fate, the precious opportunity to be again, not to be as he had been. Because as far as anyone knew he wasn't” (Page 438).

This is a
[link](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fort_Greene,_Brooklyn)
