## UMass


U Mass is the University of Massachusetts located in Amherst, Massachusetts and where Bootie’s long time friend Donald attends school. In 2001, the president of U Mass was William M. Bugler, and it had a repuation of being a fun, lively, dedicated school. Bootie goes to U Mass to stay with Donald and his three other roomates for three weeks. During his time with them at U Mass, Bootie comes to realize that he enjoys spending time with Donald and his roomates as they were not like the students from Oswego, and he even pauses to consider that his decision to self-educate himself was to hasty saying, “Bootie had though, in spite of himself, that this might be a place for him, that he had rushed to judgement in his determination to be eternally and only a student of the world” (Page 102), but Bootie, soon after, reverts back to his old plans when he witnesses a student talking a professor into giving him an A. Donald emphasizes to Bootie that if he wants to stay for the summer he is going to have to pay rent. This sudden question makes Bootie realize that in the past weeks of staying with Donald he had begun to lose track of his original goal, to find Murray Thwaite, saying “Here, in this house, he had allowed himself to pretend that Don’s life was his, had taken it on like a suit of clothes, rather than plotting, as he expected to do, his next step” (Page 104). Bootie’s time in U Mass unveils another part of his character. That he is comfortable mooching off other people’s successes, and when faced with the choice to pay for rent he chooses to call up his uncle. This aspect of Bootie’s character will come more into play as he travels to his next destination, Murray’s Apartment.

this is a
[link](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_Massachusetts) to U Mass's wikipedia page.
